docs/login.md, before:

---
id: login
title: Logging In
sidebar_label: Login
custom_edit_url: null
---
To access pingg you will first need to register an account. You can create an account using your email address or link an existing account for a different service.
To create a new account using your email address, click on “Sign in with email” and enter your desired email address into the prompt. You will then be asked to enter your name and choose a password for your account. After you have successfully entered your information, click “SAVE” to finalize your information. You will now be redirected to your pingg homepage. Before you begin using the site, check your email for a confirmation link, and click the link to complete your email registration.
Alternately, you can create a linked account through Google, Facebook, Twitter, or Github by clicking the corresponding button on the sign in page. Once you have chosen one of these services, follow the instructions in the pop-up dialog to finish account creation. Once completed, you will be signed in and redirected to your pingg homepage.
Once your account has been registered, you will remain signed in to pingg for the next 24 hours, and you will see the pingg homepage immediately whenever you load the site. After 24 hours, you will need to sign in again. To do so, either select “Sign in with email,” and enter your email and password, or select the external service you used for your linked account and follow their instructions. To sign out of pingg manually, mouse over your profile icon at the top of the screen to reveal a drop-down menu, and click “Logout” at the bottom of the menu.

Commit message:

Tidied up the logging in doc

docs/login.md, after:

---
id: login
title: Logging In
sidebar_label: Login
custom_edit_url: null
---
To access pingg you will first need to register an account. You can create an account using your email address or link an existing account for a different service.

:::tip

We currently allow third-party sign in through Google and Twitter.

:::


To create a new account using your email address, click on “Sign in with email” and enter your desired email address into the prompt. You will then be asked to choose a password for your account. After you have successfully entered your information, click “SAVE” to finalize your information. You will now be redirected to your pingg homepage. Before you begin using the site for the first time, you will be asked to complete a form with personal information.


Alternately, you can create a linked account through Google or Twitter by clicking the corresponding button on the sign in page. Once you have chosen one of these services, follow the instructions in the pop-up dialog to finish account creation. Once completed, you will be signed in and redirected to your pingg homepage.

## Logging Out
Once your account has been registered, you will remain signed in to pingg until you logout or clear your browser. To sign out of pingg manually, mouse over 'More' in the site header to reveal a drop-down menu. Click “Logout” at the bottom of the menu.
